fixing 404 not found (#2217)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/usage/index.adoc

.Load JSON example
[source,cypher,subs=attributes]
----

> WITH 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures/4.0/src/test/resources/person.json' AS url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WITH 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures/core/{branch}/src/test/resources/person.json' AS url
```
this should work for 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 (since Neo4j 4.0 has reached its End Of Life, no need to backport this fix to APOC 4.0)
